Great work. Now that you've got a handle on bivariate plots,
you will be able to visualize and identify
the relationships between variables in your data.
Scatter plots show the relationship between two quantitative variables
while clustered bar charts show the relationship between two qualitative variables.
You also saw how heat maps could be used as 2D histograms and bar charts.
Violin plots and box plots are the primary plot types used to show
the relationship between one quantitative and one qualitative variable.
You also learned additional techniques to adapt univariate plots to bivariate data,
letting you inspect data at different levels of complexity.
This include faceting multiple univariate plots across subsets of
a second variable as well as using a second variables mean instead of count.
You also learned about line plots and how they can show changes in value across time.
There were a lot of plots we covered in this lesson.
These will form the core of your insights in your data exploration.
Through these bivariate plots,
you can learn how changes in one variable might affect the values in a second,
and identify clusters and patterns in the data.
This in turn will help develop the hypotheses
and expectations surrounding your research questions.
In the next lesson, you will learn techniques to introduce
additional variables into your plots to refine your insights.
I hope you're looking forward to it.